---

title: "Research and Projects"

---

## Research Experience

### Reliability Analysis of Storm Surge Barriers
2024.07-Present  Supervised by Prof. Jeremy Bricker
 * Based on the data generated by the simulation, used different methods to calculate expected annual damage caused by storm surge in the Houston-Galveston area in urban pluvial flood risk assessments.
 * Conducted research on human reliability in operating storm surge barriers in Houston, focusing on tasks performed during storm conditions. Analyze potential human errors in barrier closure operations and assess their impact on system reliability using probabilistic risk assessment (PRA) techniques.
 * Calculated the failure closure probability of storm surge barrier using default tree analysis.
 * Analyzed the effects of different external factors on storm surge barrier life, such as sea level rise, CO2 concentration, temperature rise and tried to calculate the remaining life of storm surge barrier under different external factors.
   
### Relaxation Analysis of Cable Network Structure Based on Digital Twin
2023.02-2023.06  Supervised by Prof. Zhansheng Liu
 * Fusion Mechanism of Digital Twin Technology and Artificial Intelligence: Explored the fusion mechanism ofdigital twin models and artificial intelligence, proposing an intelligent safety analysis and prediction framework for prestressed cable network structures based on this fusion.
 * Structural Design and Finite Element Analysis: Designed a prestressed cable network structure and established a finite element model in Midas Gen to analyze the static performance. Simulated cable relaxation under different working conditions and analyzed the internal force and displacement of key components based on the simulation results. Collected data for subsequent machine learning.
 * Theory Verification and Model Application: Verified the feasibility of the theory with an example. Used Gaussian process regression in Matlab for machine learning and data training, applying the model to analyze and predict the cable relaxation safety of the prestressed cable network structure, thus completing the establishment of the intelligent safety analysis and prediction framework.


## Project Experience
### Optimization for Bicycle Road Network Upgrades
2024.11 – present  Supervised by Prof. Neda Masoud
 * Formulated and solved optimization models to improve bicycle infrastructure in road network using Gurobi.
 * Minimized total system detour by designing a plan that upgrades selected bike-unsafe roads within a fixed budget, ensuring minimal deviation from the shortest paths for cyclists.
 * Maximized the number of cyclists by developing a scenario to prioritize the upgrade of roads that would convert the most potential users to cycling.
 * Minimized the budget needed to meet safety and proximity requirements for all cyclists, allowing the city to determine the minimum infrastructure investment for full cyclist inclusion.

## Applications of Infrared Sensors: Heartbeat Detection Sensors and Paper Counting Machine
2024.02 – 2024.5  Supervised by Prof. Branko Kerkez
 * Designed and assembled a heartbeat detection sensor using KY-039, Photon Redboard, buzzer, and LED components.
 * Developed an algorithm on the Particle Apps platform and used Python for real-time data visualization, enabling: 1. LED status to indicate sensor functionality. 2. Buzzer to emit sound based on detected heartbeats. 3. Real- time plotting of heartbeat graphs and heart rate calculation.
 * Conducted experiments to analyze heart rate variations in adult males during different physical activities and emotional states, with time and frequency domain analysis.
 * Conducted experiments to collect data on paper counts and sensor feedback. Applied data fitting techniques to develop a model for determining the number of papers in a stack based on sensor readings.
